GTA 5 Alien Spaceship Easter Egg Parts locations
Part's 12 - 20 GTA 5 Alien Spaceship Easter
Egg Parts locations Part 12 -20 From Beyond
The Stars Achievement From Beyond The Stars
Trophy To Get The Space Docker Alien
Car in GTA 5 You need to collect all 50 Alien
Spaceship Parts from
Around
The Map.
This Is Part 12 - 20 The Next Video Will Include
5 - 10 Locations And You Can Use Pause Between
Them
Successfully complete the "From Beyond The
Stars" mission by collecting all 50 spaceship
parts to unlock the Space Docker This car
is loaded
with alien technology, including two large
booster jets.
The Next Few Videos Will Show You Locations
Of These Parts
Please Hit The Like Button
And Subscribe So You Can Keep Up To Date
Or Leave A
Comment Below We Always Reply ....
Follow Us On
Twitter
https://twitter.com/EliteSnipersRF
Join
Us On Facebook http://www.facebook.com/EliteSnipersRF
Add
Us
On Google + http://plus.google.com/111130575623441250125/#111130575623441250125